are your parts too large to ship or too
expensive to remove Atlas has the people
tools and experience to successfully
repair or rebuild your equipment on-site
and in the toughest environment as a
result you'll save two ways both in
downtime and money spent our team has a
large inventory of filled machine tools
in stock and is ready for jobs in any
location anywhere in the world even if
you have previously shipped out repairs
our field machining team saves you money
by avoiding unnecessary disassembly and
shipping cost if you've been told a job
can't be done you have it called Atlas
machine and supply new technology
advancements allow our machinists to
perform even more work than the
Atlas has the tools and the know-how to
perform in place welding align boring
keyway cutting flange facing journal
turning and milling your specialized
needs can also be met our in-house
engineers can quickly invent and
reimagine tools for your specific jobs
Atlas is on-call 24/7 with
industry-leading problem solvers a crew
can be dispatched to you and as little
as one hour call 855 go Atlas to receive
the most cost effective solution for
your repair or rebuild with over 100
years of industrial experience we have a
wide variety of services and products to
help save you money
visit atlas machine comm to learn more
whether it's in the field or at one of
our four service facilities our
customers always receive quality results
we guarantee it
Atlas machine
supply rapid-response superior service